so honestly, that is a question that only you can answer, and your answer
is going to be based on your knowledge of the field and your knowledge
of yourself. And so to answer that question, you can find out
mawr about both of those things. You can find out more about the field.
A really good resource for that is the career center. They can
help you learn all about this field and the various things that were
going on within it and the kind of sub domains within the field. Um,
and then you need to learn more about yourself and again. There's
a lot of different ways you can go about that as well. You can work
with a professional or you could just kind of do your own kind of self
research. Um, but you're really the only person who can answer that
question.